# Project start

## :trophy: A3.2 Class challenge

Initial phase of the SCRUM framework for the case study.
### :blue_book: Instructions

- Based on an investigation and on the document provided by the advisor, carry out the project documentation using the scrum framework for the case study.
- The activity must be carried out using a platform such as ** Notion **, or ** Confluence **, and it must be sent in PDF style, naming it with the nomenclature ** A3.2_ActivityName_NombreAlumno.pdf. **
- Your repository in addition to having a **readme**. md file in your root directory, with information such as student data, work team, subject, career, advisor data, and even logo or images, it must have a section of contents or index.

### :pencil2: Developing

1. Join your work team and start preparing what is requested below:
   - [x] 1.1 Create a scrum board with Backlog, Story, To-do, Doing, Review, Done columns.
   - [x] 1.2 Develop the Epics of the product backlog.
   - [x] 1.3 Create user stories for each epic.
   - [x] 1.4 Place each epic and user story inside the scrum board.
   - [x] 1.5 Prioritize and estimate each user story using a tool.

[A3.2 ScrumProductBacklog](https://github.com/Merari-Cortes/AnalisisAvanzados/blob/main/pdf/A3.2ScrumProductBacklog.pdf)

2. Present this information during the planning meeting, making use of visual and graphic tools, which can be through any online platform.

3. Place in this section evidence that shows that they were gathered to develop the activity as a team.

### :bomb: Rubric

| Criteria      | Description                                                                                     | Score |
| ------------- | -----------------------------------------------------------------------                        | ------- |
| Instructions  | Is each one of the points indicated in the Instructions section fulfilled?                       | 10 |
| Development   | Was each one of the points requested within the development of the activity answered?             | 60 |
| Demonstration | Does the student introduce himself during the explanation of the functionality of the activity? | 20 |
| Conclusions   | Is a personal opinion of the activity included by each of the team members?                       | 10 |

:house: [Home](https://github.com/Merari-Cortes/AnalisisAvanzados)
